Add bot doc for cloudflare (#287)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: octomind-bot.mdx

---

> title: "Octomind Bot"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Octomind bot"
```

> description: "All about Octominds bot implementation for navigating and crawling web pages in order to generate end-to-end tests"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How Octomind navigates and crawls web pages in order to generate end-to-end tests"
```

icon: "code"
---

### Overview

This document outlines the architecture and functionality of a web crawler or bot that leverages **AI capabilities** to navigate web pages autonomously

> in order to create **end-to-end** tests. The octomind bot is built on the **Playwright** runtime, which allows it to handle headless browser automation, and integrates AI-driven decision-making to optimize page interactions, data extraction, and traversal patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to create **end-to-end** tests. The Octomind bot is built on the **Playwright** runtime, which allows it to handle headless browser automation, and integrates AI-driven decision-making to optimize page interactions, data extraction, and traversal patterns.
```

### 1. Purpose and Functionality

The octomind bot is designed to autonomously scrape and interact with web pages in a human-like manner while efficiently collecting and processing data.
It uses AI models to analyze the structure and content of web pages, determining the most relevant actions to take (such as following links, submitting forms, or clicking buttons). The goal is to create a **end-to-end** test flow that simulates human behavior using the web page.

Key functionalities include:

> - **Web Page Navigation:** The octomind bot uses Playwright to open web pages, interact with the DOM (Document Object Model), and move between different pages by analyzing links, forms, and other interactive elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web Page Navigation:** The Octomind bot uses Playwright to open web pages, interact with the DOM (Document Object Model), and move between different pages by analyzing links, forms, and other interactive elements.
```

- **AI-Powered Decision Making:** AI models (such as LLMs) analyze the content on each page to make decisions about where to navigate next or which content to prioritize for extraction.
- **Dynamic Content Handling:** The Octomind bot can handle dynamic and JavaScript-heavy web pages that require asynchronous content loading (e.g., single-page applications or infinite scrolling).

> - **Customizable Crawling Logic:** The crawler’s logic is customizable, allowing users to define specific targets (e.g., scraping for prices, product details, articles) or set conditions (e.g., only navigate to pages with specific keywords).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Customizable Crawling Logic:** The crawler’s logic is customizable, allowing users to define specific targets (e.g., looking for prices, product details, items) or set conditions (e.g., only navigate to pages with specific keywords).
```

> - **Data Extraction:** The octomind bot intelligently extracts structured and unstructured data, including tables, text, images, and more in order to provide context for test generation. The extracted data will no tbe stored any further or used to train AI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data Extraction:** The Octomind bot intelligently extracts structured and unstructured data, including tables, text, images, and more in order to provide context for test generation. The extracted data will no tbe stored any further or used to train AI models.
```

     octomind Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/123.0.6312.4 Safari/537.36
     ```

3. **IP Address Management:**

   - The bot uses a proxy for all web requests, ensuring that the IP address is consistent across all interactions. It does not use IP rotation.
   - The proxy server is configured by the octomind platform and currently uses two IP addresses `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198`.

4. **Page Loading and AI Analysis:**

   - Once a page is loaded, the AI model analyzes the page content. The AI identifies important elements (e.g., articles, prices, buttons) based on the task at hand.
   - The crawler determines the next steps:
     - **Extract data:** If the target data (e.g., product details) is found, it extracts the information.
     - **Follow links:** If more pages need to be visited, the AI selects the most relevant links to follow.

5. **Data Extraction:**

   - The AI model uses techniques like XPath, CSS selectors, and machine learning models for intelligent data extraction.
   - It dynamically adapts to changes in the page structure (e.g., CSS class changes) by analyzing the context around the data.

> 6. **Storing the Data:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Data Storage**
```

  const context = await browser.newContext({
    userAgent:
      "octomind Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/123.0.6312.4 Safari/537.36",
  });
  const page = await context.newPage();
  await page.goto("https://example.com");
  await browser.close();
})();
```

#### 4.3 Proxy Configuration

The Octomind bot uses a static proxy for web requests. All traffic is routed through the configured proxy server, ensuring that the IP address is consistent across all interactions.

Example Playwright configuration with proxy:

```javascript
const { chromium } = require("playwright");

(async () => {
  const browser = await chromium.launch();
  const context = await browser.newContext({
    proxy: {
      server: "http://proxy-server.com:8000",
      username: "user",
      password: "pass",
    },
  });
  const page = await context.newPage();
  await page.goto("https://example.com");
  await browser.close();
})();
```

### 4.4 Headless Mode

By default, the crawler operates in headless mode to reduce resource consumption.
It can be configured to run in a full browser mode if visualization is required.

---

## 5. Conclusion

> Octominds AI-driven bot provides a robust, scalable solution for generating **end-to-end** browser tests, leveraging Playwright's runtime for browser automation and AI for intelligent decision-making. With a static user-agent string and proxy-based IP management, the bot navigates complex web environments while maintaining a consistent browsing profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octomind's AI-driven bot provides a robust, scalable solution for generating **end-to-end browser tests**, leveraging Playwright's runtime for browser automation and AI for intelligent decision-making. With a static user-agent string and proxy-based IP management, the bot navigates complex web environments while maintaining a consistent browsing profile.
```
